oblt-cli/setup/README.md, before:

# <!--name-->oblt-cli/setup<!--/name-->

[![usages](https://img.shields.io/badge/usages-white?logo=githubactions&logoColor=blue)](https://github.com/search?q=elastic%2Foblt-actions%2Foblt-cli%2Fsetup+%28path%3A.github%2Fworkflows+OR+path%3A**%2Faction.yml+OR+path%3A**%2Faction.yaml%29&type=code)
[![test-oblt-cli-setup](https://github.com/elastic/oblt-actions/actions/workflows/test-oblt-cli-setup.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/elastic/oblt-actions/actions/workflows/test-oblt-cli-setup.yml)

<!--description-->
Setup oblt-cli for use in GitHub Actions workflows.
<!--/description-->

## Inputs
<!--inputs-->
| Name            | Description                                                         | Required | Default            |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------|
| `github-token`  | The GitHub access token.                                            | `true`   | ` `                |
| `slack-channel` | The slack channel to notify the status.                             | `false`  | `#observablt-bots` |
| `username`      | Username to show in the deployments with oblt-cli, format: [a-z0-9] | `false`  | `obltmachine`      |
| `version`       | Install a specific version of oblt-cli                              | `false`  | `7.2.2`            |
<!--/inputs-->

## Usage
<!--usage action="elastic/oblt-actions/**" version="env:VERSION"-->
```yaml
jobs:
  run-oblt-cli:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/google-auth@v1
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/git/setup@v1
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/oblt-cli/setup@v1
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.PAT }}
      - run: oblt-cli cluster list
```
<!--/usage-->

Commit message:

oblt-cli/setup: Add version-file input (#69)
* oblt-cli/setup: Add version-file input

* Add .tool-versions support

* Handle comments

* Remove files

* Add step names

* Better input description

* Fix description

oblt-cli/setup/README.md, after:

# <!--name-->oblt-cli/setup<!--/name-->

[![usages](https://img.shields.io/badge/usages-white?logo=githubactions&logoColor=blue)](https://github.com/search?q=elastic%2Foblt-actions%2Foblt-cli%2Fsetup+%28path%3A.github%2Fworkflows+OR+path%3A**%2Faction.yml+OR+path%3A**%2Faction.yaml%29&type=code)
[![test-oblt-cli-setup](https://github.com/elastic/oblt-actions/actions/workflows/test-oblt-cli-setup.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/elastic/oblt-actions/actions/workflows/test-oblt-cli-setup.yml)

<!--description-->
Setup oblt-cli for use in GitHub Actions workflows.
<!--/description-->

## Inputs
<!--inputs-->
| Name            | Description                                                                                                                   | Required | Default            |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------|
| `github-token`  | The GitHub access token.                                                                                                      | `true`   | ` `                |
| `slack-channel` | The slack channel to notify the status.                                                                                       | `false`  | `#observablt-bots` |
| `username`      | Username to show in the deployments with oblt-cli, format: [a-z0-9]                                                           | `false`  | `obltmachine`      |
| `version`       | Install a specific version of oblt-cli                                                                                        | `false`  | `7.2.2`            |
| `version-file`  | The file to read the version from. E.g. `.oblt-cli-version` or `.tool-versions`. This option takes precedence over `version`. | `false`  | ` `                |
<!--/inputs-->

## Usage
<!--usage action="elastic/oblt-actions/**" version="env:VERSION"-->
```yaml
jobs:
  run-oblt-cli:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/google-auth@v1
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/git/setup@v1
      - uses: elastic/oblt-actions/oblt-cli/setup@v1
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.PAT }}
      - run: oblt-cli cluster list
```
<!--/usage-->
